Write the following programs in C# language:

Write an application which can be used to handle the information of events. To do this, define class CustomEvent, which has a read only field called name and the following attributes: type, location, date and price. Define necessary constructors, properties and methods for the class. Define also class CustomEventHandler, which has as attributes a SortedList collection of events and a static attribute called log, which is a StringBuilder object and should be automatically initialized with the current date and time. Define necessary constructors and properties as well as Search() method, which can receive name, date, location or price of an event as an argument and return the event information as string in case of successful match. Define also HandleEvent() method, which has three overloaded versions to receive either a Func, Action or Predicate object as arguments. Use Lambda expression to define the following methods and pass them to HandleEvent() method:
A Func object, which is initialized with a method, which receives a date and a CustomEvent object  as arguments and returns the event information as text if the event date matches the given date. 
An Action object, which is initialized with a method, which receives a price and a CustomEventobject as arguments and prints to the standard output device the information of the event, if the price of the event is less than the given price.
A Predicate object, which is initialized with a method, which receives an event type and a CustomEvent object as arguments and returns the information of all events, whose location matches the given location. 
